README.md, before:

# ocp-ppx-namespace
A ppx to simplify the usage of module aliases wrappers in OCaml

This ppx adds an extension point for structures (not signatures) to import multiple submodules from a given module. It is especially useful when using module aliases to simulate namespaces.

The syntax is simple:
```ocaml
[%%import MyModule.(Mod1, Mod2, Mod3 => Mod3Alias)]
```
This simple piece of code will generate the following code:
```ocaml
module Mod1 = MyModule.Mod1
module Mod2 = MyModule.Mod2
module Mod3Alias = MyModule.Mod3
```

It can be used in combination with [ocp-nsgen](https://github.com/OCamlPro-Couderc/ocp-nsgen) to use external libraries as namespaces. 

## Namespace declaration

The namespace declaration is also usable:
```ocaml
[%%namespace MyModule]
```
which is simply an opening. The idea is using it with ocamldep: it won't
generate a dependency to MyModule in this specific case (useful when MyModule
has been compiled with ```-no-alias-deps```).

## TODO:
* Allow to import all modules
* Allow imports in signature; drawback: every alias generated is exported.
* Installation
* More?

Commit message:

Added Ns.M syntax to use a unique module

README.md, after:

# ocp-ppx-namespace
A ppx to simplify the usage of module aliases wrappers in OCaml

This ppx adds an extension point for structures (not signatures) to import multiple submodules from a given module. It is especially useful when using module aliases to simulate namespaces.

The syntax is simple:
```ocaml
[%%import MyModule.(Mod1, Mod2, Mod3 => Mod3Alias)]
```
This simple piece of code will generate the following code:
```ocaml
module *namespace*-MyModule = struct
  module Mod1 = MyModule.Mod1
  module Mod2 = MyModule.Mod2
  module Mod3Alias = MyModule.Mod3
end
open *namespace*-MyModule
```

Of course, it is not a valid module identifier, which is expected to avoid
clashes with other modules.

It can be used in combination with
[ocp-nsgen](https://github.com/OCamlPro-Couderc/ocp-nsgen) to use external
libraries as namespaces.

The following syntax is also available to import a unique module:
```ocaml
[%%import MyModule.M1]
```

## Namespace declaration

The namespace declaration is also usable:
```ocaml
[%%namespace MyModule]
```
which is simply an opening. The idea is using it with ocamldep: it won't
generate a dependency to MyModule in this specific case (useful when MyModule
has been compiled with ```-no-alias-deps```).

## TODO:
* Allow to import all modules
* Allow imports in signature, which is not that relevant: the generated
  signature will contain this specific generated module which is
  unusable. Moreover, types can be prefixed with the correct module.
* Installation
* A way to import values which is simple, and possibly types and classes (more
  complicated), and possibly module types.
